Added workshop overview page (#22)
ImperialCollegeLondon/icl-rcs-user-guide: docs/Workshops/overview.md

# Overview

> Research Computing Service (RCS) team at Imperial is trying to collaborate with Industrial partners/vendors to provide some training and workshops for the Imperial College community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Research Computing Service (RCS) team at Imperial collaborates with industrial partners/vendors to provide training and workshops for the Imperial College community.
```

Reviewer: I've suggested a rephrasing of that line.

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. I have accepted the same.
